[Gabby gasps]
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Take us to the Dollhouse ♪
♪ Little by little
Let's live in the meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ What's the big surprise? ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Let's shrink right down and go inside ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Meow ♪
Oh, hi.
I'm looking
for my Big Book of Cat-tastic Mistakes,
but I can't find it anywhere.
It's about this big,
and it has black and white stripes,
just like my shirt.
Hey, maybe you can help me find it.
Come on.
OK.
Do you see a book
with black and white stripes?
It's got to be around here somewhere.
[gasps] There it is!
You found it! Thanks.
OK.
So, this is
my Big Book of Cat-tastic Mistakes.
One day, I figured out that every time
I made a mistake, I learned something new.
Some of my best mistakes are in here.
Oh! I remember this one.
One day, I accidentally spilled paint
on a fresh new page.
I was so upset that I just...
closed the book shut.
But when I opened it back up again,
the paint had smushed together
into a beautiful butterfly.
See what I'm saying about mistakes?
Making a mistake
showed me a new way to make art.
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
You know what that sound means.
It's time for a Dollhouse Delivery!
Come on, Pandy. Let's go.
♪ Meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow ♪
Alright. Let's see what surprise
our Meow Meow Mailbox has for us today.
[gasps]
It's a superhero kitty-cat box!
[mimics air whooshing]
[giggles]
Let's see what's inside.
Ooh!
Two masks. [gasps]
And capes!
It's a superhero costume!
[Gabby] I'm Super Pandy!
And I'm Super Gabby.
[gasps] Huh?
There's something else in here.
It's a comic book
with me and Pandy on the cover.
We're the Dollhouse Defenders,
and we'll save the Dollhouse
from the villain.
Hmm. I wonder who our villain is. OK...
[gasps] It's CatRat the Bad Guy!
I bet he's causing some trouble
in the Dollhouse.
We'd better get in there and help out.
You ready? [as Pandy] I'm ready.
Come on.
[mimics air whooshing]
Time to get tiny!
♪ A pinch on my left
Pinch, pinch on my right ♪
♪ Grab Pandy's hand and hold on tight! ♪
Come on in!
Welcome to the Dollhouse!
My Super Gabby sense tells me
that Super Pandy is around here somewhere.
Do you see Pandy?
Super Hug Attack! [grunts]
[Gabby] Whoo! [mimics air whooshing]
Super Paw Bump!
I got you, Pandy.
[Cakey] Excuse me.
Super cookies, coming through!
Super cookies?
Wow, Cakey! You're a super baker.
It's true, I am! See?
There's Super Gabby... and Super Pandy.
[Pandy] I look cool!
And check out Kitty Fairy...
and DJ Catnip.
[Gabby] Aww! Cakey, look at you.
You make the cutest hero ever.
[giggles] Thanks!
I even made one for CatRat the Bad Guy.
One? Only one cookie for me?
[scoffs] But I need all the cookies!
I'll set the timer.
-[CatRat cackles]
-Huh?
A-ha!
[others gasp] CatRat the Bad Guy!
That's right, it's me!
And I want the cookies.
All the cookies!
But I made them for all the Gabby Cats.
Huh.
[gasps] If I trap all the Gabby Cats,
they won't be able to come
and eat the cookies,
which means the cookies will be miney!
You're not capturing anyone, CatRat.
Yeah! Gabby and I will stop you,
because we're...
[both] ...the Dollhouse Defenders!
Oh, really?
[CatRat cackles]
Let's see if you can stop my Cat Blaster.
I'll switch the dial on my Cat Blaster
to my Hide-and-Seek Ray.
-[CatRat chuckles]
-Hide-and-Seek Ray?
[Gabby and Pandy gasp]
[Cakey] Whoa!
[Cakey screams]
-Cakey?
-[Cakey] I'm in here!
I can hear you, but I can't see you.
Cakey's inside his Book of Tasty Treats.
Sounds like a recipe for disaster to me.
[CatRat cackles]
[snaps paw]
Toodley-doo!
[CatRat giggles]
[Cakey] Help!
I'm stuck inside
with all these tasty treats!
Maybe we can shake him out.
Come on, Cakey!
[Cakey jabbering]
[Cakey giggles]
Well, that didn't work.
-How are we gonna get him out of there?
-We need more information.
Cakey, what do you see?
[Cakey] Um...
I'm behind a frozen fruit pop.
Ooh! I found the frozen fruit pops.
Cakey, which fruit pop are you behind?
[Cakey] Um... I'm behind the pink,
star-shaped fruit pop.
OK. Help us look for Cakey.
Where's the pink, star-shaped fruit pop?
Right there!
-Hi.
-[Pandy] There you are!
Uh-oh! Cakey? Where did you go, buddy?
[Cakey] I'm on the next page!
OK, Cakey, what are you behind now?
[Cakey] I'm behind the blue donut
with colored sprinkles.
Help us look.
Where's the blue donut
with colored sprinkles?
There it is!
Here I am!
[both] Cakey!
Uh-oh! He zapped to the next page again.
Whoa!
Look at all those delicious smoothies.
What are you behind now, Cakey?
[Cakey]
Um... The pink and green smoothie...
with an orange umbrella.
Alright, help us look.
Where's the pink and green smoothie
with the orange umbrella?
There it is!
Yay! You found me!
Pandy, quick! Let's get him out of there!
On it!
I'll get you out of there
before you zap away again.
Grab on, Cakey.
[Cakey] I've got you.
Here we go.
[Cakey] Whee!
You saved me!
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Sprinkle party!
We're so glad you're safe, Cakey.
Wow!
You guys are like real, true heroes.
Oh! What was that?
The comic book!
Check it out.
We're all in the comic book now.
That's super sweet!
-[CatRat cackles]
-[DJ Catnip] Hey, CatRat. What's going on?
That sounds like DJ Catnip.
CatRat must be at it again!
Dollhouse Defenders...
to the music room!
Good luck!
Sorry, DJ Catnip,
but with you out of the way
I'll be one cookie closer
to having them all to myself.
[CatRat chuckles]
Stop right there, CatRat!
Ah, you're just in time,
Dollhouse Defenders.
[Cat Blaster clicks]
Ah. The Bungee Ray
on my Cat Blaster. [chuckles]
-[DJ Catnip gasps]
-This will do nicely.
[cords twang]
Looks like this one
will have you tied up for a while.
[CatRat cackles]
Toodley-doo!
[DJ Catnip grunts]
[grunts] Super Gabby!
Super Pandy! I'm super stuck!
How will we get him out of there,
Super Gabby?
I don't know... yet.
But let's see if this works.
Don't worry, DJ Catnip!
With my super strength,
I'll have you free in no time.
[Gabby grunts]
Go, Gabby!
[Gabby] Whoa!
[tambourines shaking]
Whoa! Did you see that?
When the red tambourines played,
the red bungee cords popped right off.
Wow.
Hey... I'll try playing that blue drum.
[superhero fanfare]
[drum banging]
It worked!
Nice! Way to play that tune, Pandy!
So, if we play a colored instrument,
it makes the same color cord pop off.
Ha-ha! Alright, now.
Keep playing those beats, guys!
[cord twangs]
Let's do the green ones next.
OK, we need a green instrument.
Where do you see a green instrument?
-[banjo strums]
-[Gabby] The banjo!
[banjo strums]
Ooh-wee! Way to play that tune, Gabby!
[cord twangs]
Now, let's get rid of these yellow cords.
Do you see a yellow instrument?
-[tuba bellows]
-[Pandy] The tuba!
[tuba bellows]
See you later, yellow cords.
-[cord twangs]
-We need a pink instrument.
Do you see one?
[ukulele strums]
[Gabby] The ukulele! My favorite.
I'm almost free!
-We need a purple instrument.
-[cord twangs]
I'm purple, and my instrument is my voice.
[DJ Catnip beatboxes]
[beatboxing]
Whoo!
-Oh, yeah!
-Now, that's funky.
We did it!
Thanks, Dollhouse Defenders!
Nothing better
than being rescued with a beat.
[DJ Catnip beatboxes]
[DJ Catnip mimics airhorn]
♪ Wiggly-wiggly-wig! ♪
[all laugh]
-Oh!
-Ooh! The comic book!
Check it out.
Our DJ Catnip rescue
is in the comic book now.
[Kitty Fairy]
Help! Super Gabby! Super Pandy!
[gasps] It's Kitty Fairy.
To the Fairy Tail Garden!
Thanks for the rescue, kitty cats!
Nothing personal, Kitty Fairy,
but this is about cookies.
-Now, let's see...
-[Cat Blaster clicks]
Oh! My Float-Away Ray will work nicely.
Can't eat cookies when you're trapped
in a bubble. [chuckles]
[grunts] Help!
[Kitty Fairy grunts]
[superhero fanfare]
Don't worry, Kitty Fairy. We'll save you.
Oh, yeah?
Good luck reaching her,
after a blast from my Shrink Ray!
[Gabby gasps] Huh?
[CatRat cackles]
Oh, no, Super Gabby!
We'll never reach Kitty Fairy now.
We're too tiny!
We may be mini,
but we're still super mighty.
Ooh! I have an idea that might work.
Let's jump.
[both grunt]
Since we're so tiny,
we can float right up to Kitty Fairy.
Paw-tastic!
Hey, look!
The bubble is getting bigger
the higher we go.
Whoa!
Aww. That was a mistake.
That was a mistake,
but it taught me something
about these bubbles
that will help us get up to Kitty Fairy.
Come on, jump!
[both grunt]
These bubbles get bigger
the higher they go,
so we need to jump to a smaller bubble
before this one gets too big and pops.
Let's find the smallest bubble
and jump to it.
Which bubble is the smallest?
That one!
Jump! [grunts]
We did it!
Uh-oh! This one's getting big.
We'd better jump to a new bubble
before it pops.
Help us find a new bubble.
Which bubble is the smallest?
That one! Jump!
[grunts] Phew! That was a close one!
[gasps] Look!
We're getting closer to Kitty Fairy.
Bubble's getting pretty big, Gabby.
Quick! Which bubble is the smallest?
-That one!
-Jump! [grunts]
Kitty Fairy, we're here!
Alright, on the count of three,
let's jump to the branch.
Count with us.
[both] One, two, three!
[both] Whee!
Oh! Thank petunias!
You made it!
Hang on, Kitty Fairy!
We're gonna pop this bubble!
It's not gonna be easy.
These are some tough bubbles.
I'll give it a go.
[Gabby grunts]
It won't pop.
[Pandy grunts]
-That didn't work.
-But we're not giving up. Hmm.
Maybe if we give it a big squeeze?
A big squeeze? Like a hug!
I know how to do that. Stand back.
Super Hug Attack!
[grunts] Hug, hug, hug!
Whoa! [grunts]
You saved me!
Thank you, Dollhouse Defenders!
We're heroes!
[superhero fanfare]
It's what we do.
Hmm. How are we gonna go back down?
We'll fly down. That's what I do.
Hold hands.
Through the trees we go!
[Gabby and Pandy laugh]
[giggles] Whee!
Kitty Fairy, that was paw-tastic!
Now I'll grow you back
to normal size with a little...
garden magic!
It worked!
We didn't even get wet.
Ooh! Let's check out the new pages.
[gasps] Kitty Fairy! Check it out.
I'm in the comic book!
And look, Pandy,
you saved the day with a hug!
Yeah, I did!
That must be my superpower!
The power of hugs!
What's your power, Gabby?
Huh. I don't know. Let me see.
Well, in the kitchen,
I tried shaking Cakey out of the book.
That didn't work.
But I didn't give up, and we eventually
freed Cakey from his Book of Tasty Treats.
Then, in the music room,
I tried to pull off the cords and ended up
falling into the instrument tree.
But that mistake
helped me figure out the solution.
[Pandy] You're right, it did!
And then, in the garden,
our first bubble popped
and we fell right back to the ground.
[Gabby] And that mistake helped me
figure out a way to ride the bubbles
all the way up to rescue Kitty Fairy.
Huh.
Every mistake I made led us
to the idea that saved the day.
That must be my power!
The power of making mistakes. Paw bump!
[superhero fanfare]
-Oof!
-[timer dings]
-[gasps] The timer!
-The cookies are ready!
Come on, Super Gabby.
We have cookies to save.
Bye, Kitty Fairy.
Thanks, Dollhouse Defenders!
[Cakey hums tune]
Cakey! How did you get out of that book?
Super Gabby and Super Pandy saved me.
Oh, rats!
Well, you can eat your cookie,
but the rest are all miney.
No, they're not, CatRat!
Super Gabby! Super Pandy!
[Cat Blaster sputters]
Hmm. Looks like I'll have to find
another solution for you.
-[CatRat grunts] Oh!
-[Cat Blaster beeping]
-What's wrong with this thing?
-[beep]
[CatRat gasps]
[high-pitched] Oh, no! Oh, rats!
I Shrink-Rayed myself!
It's OK, CatRat. Have a cookie.
[CatRat] Whoa! Whoa!
[groans] This thing is huge!
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
I smell cookies!
-What's going on?
-[CatRat] Whoa!
I'll never be able to eat all this!
I can grow you back to normal.
Oh. Yes, please.
But you have to promise,
no more Bad Guy stuff.
Oh, alright. As long as I get my cookie.
[giggles] You got it, CatRat!
[gasps] Water! Ooh!
Hey, I didn't even get wet.
Thanks, Kitty Fairy.
Here's to our heroes!
And to cookies!
I'll eat to that!
Mm-mm! [giggles] This is yummy, right?
Thanks for all your super help today.
Are you ready for another surprise?
♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat
Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat of the Day! ♪
It's me, Kitty Fairy!
♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh, whoo-oo-oo ♪
♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh, whoo ♪
♪ Wake up every day
To the sounds of the garden ♪
[birds chirping]
♪ I love the way everybody's in bloom ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ And the seeds we planted not long ago ♪
♪ Got a dash of magic
And they're starting to grow ♪
♪ Like the feeling inside
When I give it a go, so beautiful ♪
♪ Ooh, feel the magic of the garden ♪
♪ Garden magic ♪
♪ Ooh, hear the rhythm of the breeze
Through the trees ♪
♪ Ooh, I love living in the garden ♪
♪ Because the garden magic
Comes so naturally ♪
♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh, whoo-oo-oo ♪
♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh, whoo ♪
♪ From my Fairy Tree
I can see the whole garden ♪
♪ Flower-iffic! ♪
♪ Twirling lights and fireflies ♪
♪ There's magic in the air ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Feel the grass in your toes
Take a sip of tea ♪
♪ Spend a plant-tastic day with me ♪
♪ It's a breath of fresh air
A harmony so beautiful ♪
♪ Ooh, feel the magic of the garden ♪
♪ Garden magic ♪
♪ Ooh, hear the rhythm of the breeze
Through the trees ♪
♪ Ooh, I love living in the garden ♪
♪ Because the garden magic
Comes so naturally ♪
♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh, whoo-oo-oo ♪
♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh, whoo ♪
♪ Hear the Chuckling Cherries
And the Giggling Grapevine singing ♪
[Kitty Fairy giggles]
♪ Me and the fairies
Whipping up a berry blend ♪
Mm!
♪ Hear the beauty in the breeze ♪
♪ Hear a Soundflower sneeze ♪
♪ Ooh, feel the magic of the garden ♪
♪ Garden magic ♪
♪ Ooh, hear the rhythm of the breeze
Through the trees ♪
♪ Ooh, I love living in the garden ♪
♪ Because the garden magic
Comes so naturally ♪
Thanks for letting me share
my garden magic with you. Bye!
[Gabby hums tune]
♪ Garden magic ♪
Hi. Check this out.
I was just adding today's adventure
into my Big Book of Cat-tastic Mistakes.
See what I mean about making mistakes?
If I never made any of these mistakes,
we never would have saved the Gabby Cats.
Making mistakes really is a superpower.
Come back next time and we'll make
some more mistakes together. Bye!